Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Want some coffee?
I already had mine.
I was thinking maybe I'd go out
to the desert for a couple of days.
do some camping. give you some space.
I didn't ask for any space.
Well. I could use some.
Your statins are ready to be picked
up this afternoon. but the Norvasc...
yeah. yeah. I get the
pharmacy's texts too.
Right.
Yeah. good.
- Wally. hey!
- Hello. darling.
- Let me help you with that.
- No. I got it.
No need. I'm just… relics I
dug out of the storage space.
Doing an experiment?
No. Sam is helping me put together
a fundamentals of science class
I'm. doing at the community center.
I thought you were banned.
Well. gotta get back in their good graces.
You have been spending a lot of
time with Sam the last few days.
Well. you know I like a fixer-upper. now.
So excuse me.
Science. like myself. waits for no man.
Honey! I'm home!
I just added two dedicated
20-amp circuits to the main panel.
so we shouldn't have any more blowouts.
Wonderful! Now. how
about fixing the fucking lights?
Yeah. It's on the list.
What's this?
The last parts for our brand-new.
slightly used hplc machine.
What exactly does an hplc machine do?
It should finally tell us
what kind of creature your
star-spangled goo came from.
How much did it cost?
Seven… give or take… thousand?
Can't take it with you. Sam.
The pharaohs tried. All
it got them was looted.
- Who the hell is that?
- It's probably Judy.
- Nancy drew knows we're up to something.
- I'll get rid of her.
- Heya!
- Neil.
What are you doing?
Whoa! Looks like a
bomb went off in there.
You're Neil?
- Hey!
- I've heard so much about you.
Doing a little remodeling.
That's a big step. I'm proud of you. pop.
- Yeah. what can I do for you. Neil?
- I need to get Claire's mom's album.
Album?
Yeah. Bruce Springsteen. born to run.
Right. yeah. I'm still looking for it.
- You promised Claire.
- Yeah. I know.
- Haven't found it yet. I've been busy.
- Remodeling.
Appreciate you coming. Neil.
Hey. I've been doing
some reading on loss.
and I found this book that I
think would be really good for you.
It's an exciting new gloss
on Elisabeth kübler-Ross.
And it recontextualizes
the healing process
into a really interesting new concept.
See. kübler-Ross saw
grief as a linear progression
through the stages. right. so it's
denial. anger. sadness. et cetera.
but this posits grief as a pyramid.
- Pyramid?
- With acceptance at the bottom...
you should get going. Neil.
You don't want to get caught
up in all that rush-hour traffic.
Right.
You know.
I get it.
You're not that fond of me.
Okay.
But I came here for Claire.
She's hurting.
Just as much as you are.
So I get that you can't see through
your own pain right now. I get it.
But you're a dad. so you have to.
Hey. It's me.
Hey. it's Erica.
I ran that name you
gave me through ncic.
n-Dex. and a buddy at Chicago pd.
What you got?
A couple of speeding tickets. That's all.
Sam Cooper is a boy scout.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks. Erica.
So. does this mean
you're back on the beat?
You working for a paper?
No. no. god. I'm still retired.
Just trying to help out a friend.
Hey. we gotta catch up.
We should do that.
Okay. Right.
- Bye.
- Bye-bye.
That is bullshit.
You agreed that I
would have the royalties.
It's all I have...
- there you go. Okay.
- Yeah. Thank you.
Hey. kiddo.
Hey. art. Thank you.
You all right?
My ex is suing me.
Again?
Again.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah.
Better than being married
to him. though. right?
Big time.
"The wise are wise
only because they love."
"Fools are fools only because
they think they can understand love."
Paulo coelho?
Or Wiz Khalifa.
It's not Wiz Khalifa.
- Paulo coelho. it is.
- Okay. All right.
Yeah.
How you doing. art?
Me?
I'm on my quest.
And I better get back to it.
- You keep your chin up. kiddo. All right.
- All right. you too.
- Right-handed chirality!
- Shit!
- What? What is...
listen. Every living creature on
earth is made up of amino acids
that have left-handed chirality.
That's how they can
interact. It's like a handshake.
Can't shake hands with left and
right. You'd have to have two left hands.
Same with cells.
But the results from the hplc
show that blood from our
hammer has right-handed chirality.
So what killed Jack?
That's the point.
This is something that
nobody has ever seen before.
Which means you don't have shit?
God. Science isn't magic. Sam!
You spent $7.000. and you
don't know what this thing is!
No. I spent $7.000. and
now I know what it's not.
It is not a. coyote with mange.
It is not a shaved chimpanzee.
It is not a figment of your imagination.
- All right. So what do we do now?
- So now we figure out what it is.
More tests?
Yeah. that might be a problem.
I may have used up all the
goo on the test I already did.
Like the one that told us it
wasn't a shaved chimpanzee.
Or a coyote with mange.
It's hopeless.
Maybe not.
You said the thing was doing
something inside Jack's mouth?
Yeah. but I couldn't see what.
- So we find out what.
- How?
I do an autopsy on Jack.
You're allowed to do that?
Absolutely not. so we have to do it
fast. Before they cremate Jack's body.
- We'll go to the funeral home tonight.
- Whoa! Have you lost your mind?
It's not as crazy as it sounds.
I know that place like
the back of my hand.
They've got no security.
No video cameras.
We'll be in and out before
anybody notices what we're doing.
Or we could end up in jail.
Look.
You got two choices.
We can give up.
Or we can go all the way.
We both know where the first one ends.
Nobody knows where
the second one leads.
What do you want to do?
Whose golf cart are we gonna take?
Ever since the kids moved
out and Judy moved on.
I've been searching for
proof that there's more to life
than just knockin' about…
And hangin' out.
I looked in books. in religion.
Spent a good time with
psychedelics. and I didn't find shit.
Till the day you died.
For the first time. I saw
something I could not explain.
Something more.
I'm sorry you had to
pay the price. brooksy.
The path is calling me.
I'MMA get to the end.
And I'm gonna look god right in the eye.
Even if it burns me.
Flights of angels. brooksy.
Flights of angels.
Just get in.
Some wear leather. some wear lace
some wear makeup on their face
some are young. some are old
some too hot. some too cold.
Renee. hey. What's up?
Paz. Sorry to call so late…
I just got an alert from your camera.
so I'm gonna head over there…
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Hold on.
…and check it out.
My shift is almost
done. I'll meet you there.
Don't go in without me.
No promises.
…to the shear line. which
will allow the plug to rotate.
Insert your pick into the keyhole.
Starting at the back.
apply gentle pressure
on the tension wrench
as you lift each pin.
- You're taking too long!
- I've never done this before!
- You should identify…
- can I try?
I've almost got it.
You're never gonna…
This way.
Sam.
Hey. What's wrong?
What was that?
Let's go.
God!
Stay back. Do not move.
How old is that pepper spray. Judy?
It's expired. 2002.
- Shit!
- Have you been following us?
I damn well have.
I saw you. the both of you.
with that hammer and
then all of the crazy lights.
Take it easy. Judy.
Don't tell me to take it easy.
Jack is dead.
He's dead. and I think
you two know something.
We can explain.
Well. then talk fast.
It's complicated.
Well. simplify it. or I
will pull this fire alarm.
You don't want to do that!
What I want is for you to
tell me the truth right now.
Did you kill Jack?
Of course not.
Why should I believe you?
How long have we been friends. Judy?
- You know me.
- Get back.
I may be many things. but I'm not a liar.
You lied to me this morning.
That doesn't count.
Jack was murdered.
Not by us.
By who?
The answer lies behind that door.
Now. if you pull that alarm.
we'll never know the truth.
I'm hoping you won't.
because we all want the same thing.
Justice
for Jack.
Okay.
Okay. Show me.
Who's there? Come out!
Hey! Stop.
Fuck!
Are you okay?
No. You scared the shit out of me!
You two may want to clear out.
I'll stay.
Okay.
Yep.
Jack.
You may want to… follow her lead.
This next part… isn't very palatable.
I can handle it.
Well. there'll be packing in
every cavity. lots of it. and…
When I…
Unseal his mouth. he may
release fluids and odors.
I'll go check on Judy.
Good thinking.
I thought we could use this.
I know I could.
Yeah. this doesn't make sense.
The camera is designed to
activate when it senses motion.
But it's like it can't see
whatever knocked the bin over.
which… doesn't make sense.
Drink this.
It'll help.
Thanks.
Screw it. I'll swap the camera
tomorrow. It must be busted.
I'll leave the feed on in case
our thief decides to come back.
You know. it sounded
more like an animal.
Like a raccoon?
No. not at all.
Maybe somebody's messing with
you. Do you have any enemies?
No. I killed them all.
I respect that.
Although it could be my ex-husband.
He's what the French
call a fucking asshole.
Tell me more.
No. that would take all night.
I got all night.
All right.
How long have you
known about me and Jack?
I saw that look you gave Wally.
Since the night of the barbecue.
What gave us away?
Tiger balm.
Hey. no judgment here.
No judgments accepted.
Art and I have been married 44 years.
We met at Berkeley in the '70s.
You dig?
Everything's everything?
Sure.
I was a bouncy-tittied ground breaker.
Art was a counterculture shit-stirrer.
We both had big-ass hair.
Big ideas.
Right.
We did shit how we did it.
We decided to marry.
We decided to have kids.
And when…
We decided together.
We're family. Sam.
Every step of the way.
That's nice.
And we fuck who we want to fuck.
Only rule was
don't fall in love.
But you fell in love with Jack?
I did.
I'm not deluded.
I see the… the years
etched across my face.
And I feel the weight of my body.
But Jack…
Jack saw the girl in me.
He could see it.
And he respected the woman.
Jack could… he could… Jack saw us.
The way we wish we were.
He was good.
And now he's gone.
Everybody loved Jack.
And Jack certainly did love everybody.
I was just… one in the line.
That's not the way Jack described you.
What did he say?
He was seeing someone special.
They say that.
grief is
less like a line and more like…
like a pyramid.
With…
Acceptance… at the bottom.
Who said that?
My son-in-law.
Is he simple?
No. no.
He's a college professor.
A pyramid.
Bless his heart.
There's something you need to see.
Okay. I didn't find anything
unusual on Jack's body.
except for these marks
in the back of his throat.
See for yourself.
What are those?
Puncture wounds.
Mostly scarred over.
although some fresh.
All leading right to the
base of Jack's brain.
This could be what that
thing was doing to Jack.
What thing?
It was… it was convulsing.
Like it was… like it was feeding on him.
Hey. it's about goddamn time you
guys tell me exactly what is going on.
So. the business took off.
I handled the artists.
He handled the books.
But when I left him…
- He knew where the money was.
- Right.
I mean. what he didn't
outright steal. he sued me for.
And the legal fees and all that.
so I ended up having to
move in here with my mother.
Humbling.
It was a nightmare.
But. you know. she died. and
then I just kept on living here.
What about you?
I grew up local.
joined with the first
band headed out of town
and never looked back.
Yet here you are.
Yeah. well. my big sister
got in a car accident.
I came back to help with my nephews.
This was the only place willing
to hire a drummer with no résumé.
How's your sister now?
They fused her spine with steel rods.
Yeah. she's indestructible.
It's a terrifying prospect to a little brother.
Is that… is that glastonbury?
This?
Yeah.
It is.
2010. I think.
- I was there.
- No. you weren't.
- No. hand to god. I'm right…
- no. you were not.
Over here… somewhere.
So you really splurged on the tickets?
Yeah. well. some of us
don't have suit money.
Would it be okay if I kissed you?
Yes.
Take this off.
You didn't ask.
Right.
Come here.
What are you up to. scar?
Go for Hank.
Hank. a lady walking her dog said
she saw people moving
around inside the funeral home.
What? Like zombies?
She didn't say.
All right.
Send some guys down.
I'll meet you over there.
Copy that.
Sweet memories.
I can't stand the rain.
There is no such thing as monsters!
We never said "monster."
So this not-a-coyote.
not-a-chimpanzee was feeding on Jack.
That's our theory.
- You have to check me.
- Check you?
You said this thing was
feeding on Jack in his sleep.
Well. I spent the night
at Jack's a few times.
I see.
Could it have fed on me too?
Maybe.
Wally. I need to know.
Okay. All right. Here. Have a seat.
You'd better check me too.
You? Why?
Edward said the monster
was behind his walls.
Well. they're my walls now.
Good point.
Okay. open wide.
Okay.
You know the drill.
Well?
You both have the marks.
Okay. so the thing has
been feeding on me.
It's been feeding on Sam.
It could be feeding on anyone!
Or everyone.
Cops!
- Shit!
- Is there another way out?
No. there's just one door.
We are dead meat.
Exactly.
I know you're in here.
Come out!
Before things get gnarly!
Hands up.
Hands in the air. Go.
What are you doing here. Mr. Cooper?
Came to say goodbye to Jack.
- Yeah? And did you come alone?
- Yeah.
Yeah. just me.
Let's go. Come on.
You're gonna lose your soul
tonight. you're gonna lose your soul
you're gonna lose
your soul tonight. tonight
you're gonna lose control tonight
you're gonna lose control tonight. tonight
I get up in the morning
to the beat of the drum
I get up to this feeling
keeps me on the run
I get up in the morning
put my dreams away
I get up. I get up.
I get up in the morning
to the beat of the drum
I get up to this feeling
keeps me on the run
I get up in the morning
put my dreams away
I get up. I get up. I get up again.
You're gonna lose your soul
tonight. you're gonna lose your soul
you're gonna lose
your soul tonight. tonight
I get up in the morning
to the beat of the drum
you're gonna lose control
tonight. you're gonna lose control
you're gonna lose control tonight. tonight
tonight. tonight. tonight
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org